Code QL pre-migration tasks: update articles relating to CodeQL for JavaScript (#2897)
Semmle/ql: docs/language/learn-ql/javascript/type-tracking.rst

> Using type tracking for API modeling

Reviewer: Nitpicking: If the docs don't use American English, this should probably be `modelling` with two `l`s?

Reviewer 2: Thanks for highlighting this. The docs aim to use American English, so this is correct.

Using type tracking for API modeling
====================================

> You can build a simple model of the Firebase API

Reviewer 2: It looks as if Firebase is just used as an example, so suggest making this a little more general:

```suggestion
You can track data through an API by creating a model 
```

Prefer data-flow configurations when:

- Tracking user-controlled data -- use `taint tracking <https://help.semmle.com/QL/learn-ql/javascript/dataflow.html#using-global-taint-tracking>`__.

> - Differentiating between different kinds of user-controlled data -- use :doc:`Using flow labels for precise data flow analysis <flow-labels>`.

Reviewer 2: With the link name change, suggest:
```suggestion
- Differentiating between different kinds of user-controlled data -- see :doc:`Using flow labels for precise data flow analysis <flow-labels>`.
```
